destination confirm walk or crawl is
tight and tight alright so we got apple
silk purses tokito silk going in not
giving a fuck what's up good serious
self atrocity Oh give out the combo by
sajid oh of course you try to prove
these matchups not bad while I was still
playing so sick right now tejido also
and walk going in and andy's in their
pocket to the vagaries like i like some
reason just like it I love it haha auto
dealer i'll blast ya
oh oh yeah and a half hours nice let
this fuck off cast fuck that right nice
antojitos oh my god how do you block
that how the fuck you want I shouldn't
bullshit toys on in there Oh keeping a
team Alyssa yeah I don't know I'm just
saying shit he's gone flying all casting
fuck himself etc nice team a flip mom's
right there good TV fireball shit about
shit
coquitos fucking ready right now why CJ
troop and his parents are in the body
batch room yo uh ha the chassis shit
Josh you can call me with your dad's in
the money mushroom dish it but being
shot what oh yes you I can't get on the
carpet yo CJ truth keep it a real having
my parents young to gamble could ship it
wow I'm sorry back to the match like I
was just showing siege in truth while
chip it over that fireball nice sweep a
tokito ready I'm surprised that any
combo good Larry at Wow news buddy black
money focus great taquito not scared I
was look in the corner running out of
options blocks empty jump
I'll go sit down to a pixel right now oh
no oh wait a Range wineries your cab
fucking shit you saw you got something
up you guys so events at the little
finals every single game that was played
will run by the best characters in the
game motor phone banking lau second six
Bob NBC through phoenix a low gain all
the new games are bullshit hit the best
alright so kilo-five my corner of my
shirt blowing it on good shit together
hey Xochi so you are a cheap fuck Tokita
yeah I thought I figure since I dog shit
I'm so focus back dashing trying to
create some space good exp hand good
sweet y'all see Sanford that's not like
okay that's one game all right let me
just body the body this nigga after you
successfully body muggles to God I
alright good shit guys back to the match
what i'm in the shot I'm sorry blowing
it up let me sit down